Do you like me?
Why are you taking the treatment?
What about mental illness drugs?
Did we have a relationship in the first place?
For this reason
So you forgot
You haven't slept yet?
Think about what to say
It's not about you getting me the invitation
I haven't had time to thank you yet.
Are you going to trouble the vice president?
I feel weird sorry
It's okay, do you want to think about how to thank me?
Well, I'll treat you to dinner.
So what sensibility do you want?
I do have a better way to thank you
Ah!
Last time.
Unfinished business
Do you want to make up for me?
Don't believe me
Is there something you're not telling me?
Uh, no.
Oops I promise you
Wait until I stay in the company on my own
I will fulfill your invitation, okay?
Sleep with your wife
How do you make me look like a beast?